This subcommand can be used after running SMORE prep. SMORE mix
only produces a list of genetic clusters. This can be used to
test different joining methods. Additionally, SMORE mix can split
the number of clusters in several disjoint lists such that the
succeeding subcommands can be run in parallel on the disjoint
subsets to speed up running time of the program for large
data sets. In case SMORE mix is splitting the list of clusters,
it will output a command list that can be called to continue
running the pipeline. The next subcommand to be called is
SMORE roast.

Usage: 
SMORE mix --out PATH --prep PATH --species FILE
            --newick FILE (--id FILE)
            (--seqsim NUM) (--strucsim NUM) (--join LEVEL) (--nomiss) 
	    (--max NUM)
            (--verbose)
            (--clus)
            (--tool PATH) (--python PATH) (--perl PATH)

Legend:
() optional parameter
[] set of parameters that belong together
| either the first or the second option 

    --out|-o PATH       folder where to write the output files. If the folder
	                does not exist, it will be created
    --prep PATH         folder with output from SMORE prep run
    --species FILE      file listing all species one per line. Species
                        identifier must be the same as in newick or id
			and prep output data.
    --newick FILE       tree in newick format containing the species included
	                in the output of SMORE prep.
    --id FILE		in case the species' identifier do not fit, this file
	 		can be used to automatically translate the names
			Format (tab separated):
			current_name_in_tree name_to_translate_to
    --seqsim|-s NUM     percentage of sequence similarity to be considered
	                homolog sequences, default 0.8
    --strucsim|-p NUM   percentage of structure similarity to be considered
	                homolog sequences, default 0.8
    --max NUM           maximal number of clusters to be included in the
                        following steps of the analysis. In case there exist
			more clusters, the program automatically splits the
			data set and creates a command list for the following
			steps of the pipeline. Default: 50000.
    --join LEVEL	the way of how original clusters should be joined,
			either none, strict or relaxed; default: relaxed
    --nomiss            do not check for missing anchors. in case of large
                        clusters, using --nomiss will speed up the runtime
    --verbose           print all intermediary files, thus clusters
    --clus              print only intermediary cluster files

    #optional parameter for all subcommands
    --tool|-t PATH      path to where the SMORE tool is located. Only needed,
                        if the tool is located in a very specific location
    --python PATH       path to python, onlz needed if python3 is not installed
                        within the environment path variable
    --perl PATH         path to perl, only needed if perl is not installed
                        within the environment path variable
