This help page describes the output files of the SMORE pipeline.
For more detailed information, we refer to the SMORE manual.

#General Output:
    data_iTOL:   folder giving files that can be uploaded to itol.embl.de
                 The file called F0tree.txt is uploaded at
                 http://itol.embl.de/upload.cgi.
                 The remaining files can be added using drag and drop
                 into the browser window. This will result in a
                 interactive visualization of the resulting tree.
		 A legend is added automatically. All nodes in the tree will
                 have unique names, thus some nodes might have names such as
                 'innerNode0' because it was added automatically.

    OutTree.txt: the resulting tree in newick format with numbers at the
                 nodes given in brackets. This format can be used to
                 visualize the tree with newick compatible programs.

geneticEvents.txt: File listing all genetic events counted during the 
                   analysis. The numbers are sorted by event and node of
                   the tree. The file includes a event called 'Other'. This
                   will give the difference of genetic elements between the
                   total amount and the elements used in the analysis.
                   For a successful run of the pipeline, the numbers should
                   be 0.

allClusters_original.txt 
and allClusters_joined.txt: These two files contain lists of clusters
                            showing which elements are contained together
                            in one cluster before and after joining.

*_errors: for each part of the SMORE pipeline, there is a file giving errors
          that happened during the run. If no errors occured, the file is
          empty.

list_cographs.txt  and
list_noncographs.txt: these files contain statistics about graphs that were
                      cographs from the beginning or had to be edited in
                      order to become a cograph. The tables list number of
                      nodes, number of edges and density of the graphs.

remoldings.txt and
inremoldings.txt: These files contain genetic elements that (a) have
                  highly similar sequences but different types or (b)
                  have the same types but clearly distinct sequences.
						
allTypes.txt and
allPseudoTypes.txt: These two files list the different types of genetic
                    elements for all species and functional or pseudogenized
                    genes. This can be used to analyse the distribution of
                    different types of genetic elements.

Additional files:
- for each species, there are files listing their genetic elements as
they were used as intermediate files.
- there are files for each of the evolutionary events where counts are
listed.
- for singletons, there is also a listing about types and pseudogenes
- for elements which could not be sorted in between genomic anchors (nones)
there is listings about types and pseudogenes.

Verbose output: the verbose options will output three additional files for
each cluster, named with left and right anchor numbers to match all three
files. They will be in three different folders: cluster, graph and
duplication_alignment. The files contain the specific structures of the cluster in
each step of the analysis and can be used to gain a deeper insight.

SMORE mix output: the SMORE mix program will output a list of genetic clusters.
In case the number of cluster is higher than the number set with --max option
(default:50000), there will be several lists and a list of commands that can be
used to call the following subcommand of the pipeline (SMORE roast).

SMORE roast output: SMORE roast will output files that include counts for
genetic events. Those files can be read by SMORE eat. If SMORE roast is called
several times on different lists of clusters, SMORE eat will summarize the files
and produce the output on the summarized counts.
